added link to article dedicated to restoring in hybrid deployments (#1152)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/recipients-in-exchange-online/delete-or-restore-mailboxes.md

   New-MailboxRestoreRequest -SourceMailbox <SoftDeletedMailboxGUID> -TargetMailbox <NewTargetMailboxGUID>
   ```

> For other mailbox restoring scenarios related to hybrid infrastructures, use [this guide](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Exchange-Team-Blog/Common-mailbox-recovery-scenarios-for-hybrid-environments/ba-p/604681)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other mailbox restoring scenarios related to hybrid infrastructures, refer to [Common mailbox recovery scenarios for hybrid environments] (https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Exchange-Team-Blog/Common-mailbox-recovery-scenarios-for-hybrid-environments/ba-p/604681).
```
